Distillationv2 interface (#63)
lightly-ai/lightly-train: CHANGELOG.md

- Support lists of files and folders as input to the `embed` and `train` commands.
- Faster dataset initialization with SLURM and Windows.
- Model is exported after every n-th epoch instead of only at the end. Default n=1
- Add `DistillationV2` to the methods.

> - `DistillationV2` is used with `method="distillation"` or `method="distillationv2"`.

Reviewer: This statement seems to wrong

> - Add `DistillationV2` to the methods.
> - `DistillationV2` is used with `method="distillation"` or `method="distillationv2"`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- New, improved distillationv2 method that achieves higher accuracy and trains up to 3x faster than distillationv1.
  The new method is selected as default by LightlyTrain with `method="distillation"`. The old distillation method
  can still be used with `method="distillationv1"` for backwards compatibility.
```

I would also put this entry at the top of the list as it is the main feature for the new release.

- Support lists of files and folders as input to the `embed` and `train` commands.
- Faster dataset initialization with SLURM and Windows.
- Model is exported after every n-th epoch instead of only at the end. Default n=1

> - Add DistillationV2 to the methods.

Reviewer 2: We should also mention that it is now the default distillation method that is selected with `method="distillation"`. For the old method `method="distillationv1"` must be used.
